Previously on Rogue...
Just making sure.
What the fuck is that?
What the fuck is this?
You took a risk,
saying those drugs were yours.
You don't believe me, do you?
One of my waitresses just quit.
Look, if you think
you can keep up,
I'm willing to give you a shot.
For real?
Maybe what I'm hearing is true.
Oh, yeah, what's that?
Corners are vulnerable.
That you are vulnerable.
Ty's made me an offer.
Ty can't move your product.
Keep your crew out of
my territory.
I'm gonna let my peoples be
wherever they need to be.
- Who's up?
- The head of the snake.
Good for you, Ty.
Fighting till the very end.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm gonna tell you who you raised.
You raised a thief.
Those Marines tried to stop me
and I killed them.
And now all my friends
are dead because of it.
I'd like to speak to
a US attorney please.
So what's this all about?
I'm First Lieutenant
Ethan Kelly.
I killed three US Marines.
♪ where in the hell have I gone ♪
♪ I woke up this morning undressed ♪
♪ might have been a little too drunk ♪
♪ I can't get you out of my head ♪
♪ you shot me up, baby,
with a wonderful love ♪
♪ I got a little taste,
now I can't get enough ♪
♪ you shot me up, baby,
with a wonderful love ♪
♪ running through my veins
like a top shelf drug ♪
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
_
On August 7th, 2011,
in the Pashtun Region
of Pakistan,
I shot and killed
three US Marines.
It was a covert mission under the
command of General Lance Howard.
Stop.
- God damn it.
- What?
We can't lead
with General Howard.
Five minutes ago, you wanted
me to lead with Howard,
now you don't.
Which one do you want?
I know.
Only a crazy man walks into the
US attorney's office
and confesses.
We gotta tell the whole story
from A to Z.
Gotta lure them in.
All right. I'll lure them in.
Yeah, like Hansel and Gretel.
The witch.
She builds a big,
beautiful house.
She fills it with little
sweets and then she lays out
little bread crumbs and one
by one, they come in,
and bam, you got 'em.
In the story, the witch
gets thrown in the oven.
Not in the original.
In the original,
the witch eats the kids.
Betsy! That's Sophie.
- Got it.
- Sophie?
I know you fucked her.
I don't care you fucked her.
She doesn't care
you fucked her.
Sorry, I'm late.
How're we doing?
We're getting there, slowly.
But we're getting there.
What are you stuck on?
Story, story, story, story.
Guilt. Contrition.
"I can't live with myself."
You're the victim.
Look, you're telling me
that I'm guilty.
I'm telling them
We're on the same page.
But you gotta do it right.
You do this right, you walk out
free and clear as long
as everyone plays their part.
We're setting them up.
We're knocking them down.
- Donna's in.
- Donna? Really?
Yeah.
"Hello, Donna.
I'm Ethan Kelly's lawyer.
You're husband's not missing.
He's dead.
Ethan killed them.
I'm here to pay you off."
There's no way
it went down like that.
Pretty close.
You must miss Ray.
I understand that.
Please don't.
Being a single parent
must be very tough.
You have no clue.
I'm going to help.
I'm going to help you.
I'm going to help Connie.
Connie?
You got the short end, both of you.
I understand that,
I'm not here to pat your hand
and cry over tea.
You should be getting benefits.
I'm going to see to that.
But I'm here to offer you more.
Considerably more.
Can we talk?
Yeah.
So, you're saying
that Donna's 100% in.
- Is that right?
- Yeah.
In the proverbial bag.
Now, once the US attorneys
are satisfied you're not
batshit crazy,
they're gonna have
to check out your story.
And they're gonna grill you.
They're gonna grill you hard.
You play this right,
and they're gonna start
to put it all together.
They're gonna start to think
that it must've been
Howard and Roberts who
conspired to steal that money.
What if they don't?
You play it right,
and they will.
And if they don't?
If they don't, they don't.
- What are my odds?
- Pick 'em.
But we're shaving points.
Worst case,
10 to 15, manslaughter.
Maybe, I plead it down.
Your call.
You can do this.
We can do this.
I admire you.
You know that?
If I was in your shoes,
cornered, nowhere to go,
I'd be chewing
on the barrel of a gun.
Well, I haven't
thought about that yet.
You should.
- Should I?
- Yeah.
Be riddled with guilt.
Be racked with guilt.
I can't live with myself.
You gotta say that. Say that.
- I feel guilty.
- Say it again.
I feel guilty.
Goddamn it. You gotta act it.
You gotta feel it.
Say it again!
If you can't do it here, you won't be
able to pull it off in their offices.
You gotta sell it,
under pressure.
I feel fucking guilty.
I feel guilty every day.
That's good.
That'll work.
This whole story,
murder, cover-ups,
suicide, the military...
That's a story.
It's a saga. It's epic.
You'll have them eating
out of your hand.
They'll follow you like ducks.
So, okay, let's recap.
First, "Woe is me.
I'm so ashamed."
Then the facts, Jack Webb, just the facts.
And then?
You shut the fuck up.
You let them come to you.
What about AJ?
He's dead.
That's a fact.
Point taken.
Selected facts.
They'll find out about AJ soon
enough, and then they'll ask you.
Bread crumbs.
You're the witch.
What about the money?
Was it still there?
Oh, it was there.
I had it recovered
two days ago.
We can place Roberts in both
San Francisco and Afghanistan.
Right.
Little bread crumbs.
Baby step 'em.
Make 'em dig.
Make 'em pry it out of you,
the reluctant warrior.
They do their job,
they'll ask you.
We just have to hope they bite.
It's a big bluff.
A big bluff, but a good one.
We're going to the river
with a pair of trays.
All right.
Fuck it.
I'm in.
Good. We're all in.
What about Roberts?
They're gonna find a nice,
little surprise at his house.
And then we wait.
- Wait for what?
- For the US attorneys to go up the ladder
to their boss,
Cynthia Richmond.
Mmm.
Why not go to her first?
Because Cynthia'd smell
a rat so fast,
you'd be done before you blink.
She's smart, that bitch.
She is smart,
but she's also ambitious.
Let us thank God.
And when she gets
a whiff of this,
front-page scenario,
quantum frog-leap
up the ladder,
she can't resist.
Okay. Okay.
Let's go again.
Sit down.
On August 7th, 2011,
in the Pashtun Region of Pakistan,
I shot and killed
three US Marines.
- What the fuck?
- You're cheating on me, you whore.
- Fuck you, Patrick.
- What, you know this guy?
- Take a walk, buddy.
- Hello, this is my car.
Well, then maybe we can tow
your fucking car,
and then we can explain to your
wife why we towed your fucking car.
- Beat it.
- Son of a bitch.
Come on.
I'm looking
for a friend of mine.
Ty Dennison.
You crazy? Word gets out
I gave Ty to the police...
Why don't you try using your ears for
a change, instead of your mouth.
You're gonna find Ty for me.
You just cost me 40 bucks.
You raised your prices.
Good for you. Find him.
Give me a hand with this?
Where's the bar back?
Getting high, probably.
- You did the fruit for me?
- Doing my part.
Easy, Talia. Pace yourself.
I need this to work.
It'll work. You're fine.
Oh, I'm more than fine, honey.
I see that.
Do you?
Don't tease me like that.
That'd be the perfect ending,
right?
I get sued for
sexual harassment.
I got a good lawyer.
I don't wanna hear
about Marty Stein. Please.
What you need
to be worried about?
Your handsome,
white nose is clean.
What kind of dumb motherfucker
kills a whole man's family
and leaves the man alive?
Marlon, I thought it was him.
You thought. Here's a thought.
Maybe you ain't
cut out for this, man.
What?
I killed my own blood for you.
For me?
You think this is personal?
Look, I got all my people
out looking for Ty.
All your people?
You ain't got
no fucking people, man.
I got the fucking people.
You sell.
- What about Ordonez?
- I said, "You sell."
I'm gonna handle this.
You think I'm gonna let you
negotiate with the cartel?
You can't even sweep
a house properly, man.
If I was you, I would
get the fuck out of my car.
- Yo, I can do this.
- Get the fuck out of the car.
Well, if it isn't
the coldest, deadliest,
trigger-happy motherfucker
in all this great here Chi-Town.
You're an asshole.
When's Dinard coming in?
CPD just cleared him.
In an hour.
He have any connection
to the Crown building?
Not that I can see.
- Are those the notes from Guthrie?
- Yup.
And it's a mess.
- Who's Jackie Till?
- What?
She's listed here as part-owner of the
Crown building.
I don't know.
I'll get the address, check her out.
Get that stuff I asked for?
Welcome back.
So, how are you healing?
Physically or emotionally?
Right.
Right, this is your first time, um...
Being shot at?
Killing someone.
Both, actually.
Well, we're sorry you had to go
through that, Mr. Dinard.
- Any idea why?
- I'm sorry?
Why you were in that situation?
I'd say I have a pretty good
reason why, yeah.
One of the many challenges of
being a black business owner
is that you get people coming
out of the woodwork.
Making demands.
Demands?
Are you saying
they were extorting you?
I suppose they believe that
the police don't care.
I can't say I altogether
disagree with that.
Doesn't matter now.
And I think they'll think
twice before coming back
around my way,
thanks to Agent Deakins.
Well, as I understand, it was a...
It was a joint venture.
Uh, that was...
Some pretty serious firepower
for a shakedown.
I'd say I'm a long way
past a shakedown.
I've been turning those boys away
for the last couple of months.
The store can't
support it anymore.
I'm surprised
it took this long.
So did you recognize any of
the men who attacked you?
Um, I mean, I wasn't really paying
attention to their faces in the moment.
What about now?
Do you recognize him?
- Was he the third man?
- We believe so. Yeah.
Hmm.
His name's Ty Dennison.
He was caught by security
cameras just before the attack.
Has he ever been
around your store?
No, I don't believe so.
I find that hard to believe
considering the two of you
stole a car together
when you were kids.
The case was sealed, but I found
these floating around our system.
Arrest notes,
for Ty Dennison
and Marlon Dinard,
dated September 3rd, 1994.
Can you explain this?
It's a part of my life
I really don't like to think about.
So, you lied to us?
No, I don't believe I did.
Well, I asked if you knew him.
No, you asked if he ever
came to the store.
No, he did not.
You acted like you didn't
recognize him.
The man that shot at us,
that's not the same Ty I knew.
Grand theft auto,
evading police, resisting arrest,
carrying a concealed weapon,
it sounds exactly like the Ty you knew.
I'm sorry, I mean,
I think people change.
_
I'd like to speak
to a US attorney, please.
What's it regarding?
I'd like to speak
to a US attorney.
Please state your
name for the record.
Ethan Kelly.
Mr. Kelly, you've waived the
right to have council present.
Is that correct?
Correct.
I'd just like to remind you that you may
stop at any time should you reconsider.
- I understand.
- Please begin whenever you are ready.
In 2011, I was in command
of a four-man unit,
for a private security company
by the name of Votan Security,
out of Afghanistan.
I received an order to, uh, retrieve
a delivery of US government cash
that had been hijacked
by Pakistani rebels.
Um, it was a covert operation
due to the fact
that we weren't supposed to be
in Pakistan at the time.
During the mission,
shots were exchanged,
and the rebels were killed.
It was later that, uh...
That I discovered
that they were, in fact, US Marines.
And why are you
just coming forward now?
Guilt.
You watch that whole thing?
Uh-huh.
You still think he's just
some poor schmuck
who got caught up in gang beef?
It certainly seems
like he's hiding something.
I dunno.
He seems kinda wholesome.
I watched him unload
on those bangers.
There's nothing
wholesome about it.
All right?
No hesitation, no nothing.
I'm telling you, that's a man who knows
what the fuck he's doing.
Well, maybe it's the sweater
that's throwing me.
It's a new breed of gangster,
that's for sure.
Hey, those arrest notes,
they're supposed to be sealed, by the way.
Well, you think
he's gonna report me?
Bottom line,
the leader of the
Indiana Breeds
is not gonna waste his time
shaking down some chandelier store owner
the day after his family
is murdered in cold blood.
So, what do you wanna do?
CPD already cleared him in the shooting.
- I think we gotta talk to the sister.
- I already talked to her.
Then we need
to talk to her again.
Clearly,
Dinard is very careful.
His sister, not so much.
If we leverage the counterfeit
charge, maybe we can flip her.
All right, talk to Guthrie,
see what she can do.
- Yo, D, you pull in Ty yet?
- Still looking.
Cause if you're beating the shit
out of him in some dark corner
and haven't told me about it...
You get first crack, Deaks,
don't you worry.
Damn straight I do.
Hey. Hey, by the way, you need
to sit down with that shrink,
so that they can
check off that box.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I'm serious, Deakins.
This, right here,
is my therapy.
Mount up, Patty.
- Where are we going?
- We're going to see Talia.
- How's it going out there?
- Dead.
Well, maybe if you showed
a little more skin...
I show any more skin,
it's gonna be a Health Code violation.
I got a favor to ask.
I told you,
I'm a happily married man.
Hilarious.
But seriously,
if it's okay with you,
I would like to leave
a little early tonight.
Why, you got a date?
- Kinda.
- Now, I'm jealous.
It's with my brother.
And now,
I'm strangely turned on.
Mmm. I always figured
inbreeding ran in your family.
You were just asking
for a favor, right?
Mmm.
Yeah, that's fine, go.
Nobody's leaving their house
in this shitty weather anyway.
You're the best.
- Miss Freeman?
- Yeah.
- Agent Deakins, DEA. Can we have a word?
- I'm working.
Your aunt said you would be.
This will just take a minute.
You should be talking
to my lawyer.
We're not here
to cause problems.
Yeah, I bet.
We know you're not with the
Kings, Ms. Freeman.
Oh, yeah.
- How you know that?
- Well, you're working here for one.
We also know your brother
gave you that counterfeit money.
You don't know shit.
Our attorneys are willing
to do probation
if you give us actionable
evidence against your brother.
The fuck you trying to harass
Marlon for?
He's just a small business owner.
Shit.
There ain't a black man
safe in this city
with you motherfuckers,
are there?
Three years might look like
nothing from the outside,
but trust me those days
move real slow,
when you don't have a cute
bartender to flirt with.
Like I said, you wanna talk,
talk to my lawyer.
All right.
And you change your mind...
give me a call.
And don't think I'm not gonna talk to
my attorney about this little visit.
This is harassment.
When did you first realize
that they were Marines?
Uh, upon inspecting the bodies.
Why did you inspect
their bodies?
- Excuse me? - Why didn't you just
retrieve your cargo and leave?
Well, we just killed three men.
- Dressed as Taliban, correct?
- Yes.
Do soldiers routinely inspect the
bodies of the men they kill?
Um, it depends on
the situation.
Then, why this time?
One of the men had blue eyes.
I just had a feeling.
Did you have this feeling
before the mission?
No, no, no.
Then when? During? After?
Ten minutes ago?
It was after.
- Let's move on.
- Mr. Kelly, please take us through the events
that directly followed
the shooting?
Uh, after we retrieved
the money,
I sat down with the
head of operations, AJ Baldwin.
- Where's Jack?
- I don't know.
- You wanna play?
- Oh, no.
Actually, I got
a question for you.
- Okay... - The night that
you and Jack were pulled over...
Oh, yeah.
Man, we were pulled over
for the dumbest reason, man.
- Like, we wasn't speeding or nothing, man.
- Not that.
- That wasn't my question.
- You should've seen him.
And he actually kind of drives
like a woman, you know.
You're not in trouble.
I just...
I want to know
whose drugs those were.
I know they wasn't mine.
Look, I'm not DEA
Agent Deakins right now, okay?
I promise.
It's really, really important
you tell me the truth.
Do you trust me?
- What?
- I'm letting you stay in my home.
We've been sharing the same
close quarters for a bit now.
I mean, doesn't that buy me
some good faith?
I guess you're not so bad
for a white lady.
Good.
So, roommate to roommate,
- were they your drugs?
- No.
Is that the honest truth?
What other kind of truth
is there?
- Whose were they?
- I don't know.
Were they Jack's?
No, man.
I swear. The cops probably
planted it on him or something.
He's not gonna get in trouble.
I promise.
All right.
Play your game.
I thought I taught you better.
You taught me just fine, man.
Things have been handled.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
A shootout just off of
Ashland Avenue,
that's how you handle things?
What if they went
inside the truck?
Huh? What if they opened up
a crate and looked inside?
Well, they didn't, did they?
Not this time.
Well, let's move on, man.
Yeah, okay.
Let's move on.
I don't think you quite understand
the class five fucking shitstorm
that you have brought down
on yourself.
Everything don't always work out
the way you want it to, Marty.
You got to adapt, man.
What the fuck are you doing?
We're partners, Marlon.
That's gotta mean
something to you!
It...
It does, man.
It does, really? Because it...
Let me tell you something,
it certainly doesn't fuckin' feel that way.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you feel like that, man.
I don't hold back from you.
- You don't hold back from me.
- You're right, look.
I should have
spoke to you first.
All right.
All right, then.
Look, I ain't trying to make
no excuses or nothing,
but Talia and I, we've been having
this thing, and I had to cut off.
Haven't been the same,
the last couple of days.
I don't know, maybe I was too hard
on her, you know?
No. No.
Better in the long run
for all our sakes.
Yeah.
Do me a favor,
and lay low for a little while.
The feds are gonna
be up your ass for weeks.
They already got a car parked
on the store right now, man.
All right, well, let Jason,
that's the new guy's name?
- Yeah.
- Let Jason run the day-to-day.
That boy don't
have it in him, man.
They said the same about you,
when you started.
Now, shit is different,
and you know it, too, Marty.
It's different because
you had me.
- You made mistakes, too.
- Oh, is that how it was?
Yeah, that's how it was.
So do me a favor,
give the kid a chance, will you?
Yeah, sure.
Maybe.
All right.
Now, get out of here.
Do me a favor, will you?
Keep yourself uninteresting,
you understand?
Yeah, you're right.
You're always right, Marty.
I'm always right.
Tell me something I don't know.
Sorry for the drive.
- There are federal officers
watching your store, Marlon. - Yeah.
Perhaps a firefight in a quiet
neighborhood was not a good idea.
Already been through that once
today, so if you don't mind...
I've come up with a solution
to our issue.
Have you?
From now on, I'm gonna handle
the shipments personally.
- Personally?
- Yeah.
This is your solution?
It was wrong of me to make
you deal with unfamiliars.
This relationship
is too important,
and I haven't been
treating it that way.
And I promise
that won't happen again.
I've spoken
to the bosses back home.
They feel it's appropriate
for us to step away for a time.
Wait, wait.
I don't...
I don't understand.
Too much upheaval,
even by your Chicago standards.
Then why the fuck did you come out here
if the answer was no?
Because this is
an important relationship,
and I want to treat it
that way.
Fuck that shit, man.
In six months, Marlon,
we can reassess.
Six months?
Does it look like
I have six months?
Surely you have a...
rainy day fund, yes?
You think this is Mexico, man?
Got no fuckin' cartel money
around here.
I need fuckin'
product right now!
Then, perhaps it would
have been wise
for you to stay off the radar
of the DEA.
- Thank you for the coffee.
- Yeah.
How often was a mission
designated covert?
Uh, it wasn't common.
It wasn't uncommon.
What does that mean?
One in six, maybe seven.
And AJ Baldwin
coordinated these?
Uh, there was a guy before him,
Lieutenant Svoboda,
but AJ took over
about two years into my stint.
What was Mr. Baldwin's
reaction, if any,
when you told him
what had happened?
He was calm.
- Calm?
- That's right.
He was calm when you told him you
had just killed American Marines?
In my experience,
uh, internal and external,
reactions are greatly
disparate in my line of work.
AJ was a professional.
How did he instruct
you to proceed?
No, he didn't.
So...
You just dropped $10 million
on the floor of his office
and left?
It wasn't his job
to instruct us.
It was his job to make sure
operations ran smoothly.
And when they didn't?
It was his job
to figure out why.
And where you involved
in that process?
- I was.
- What did it entail?
AJ set up a meeting with
my team and the DOD,
where the order
originated from.
Who did you meet with?
Lloyd Roberts, special aide to the office
of General Lance Howard.
Thanks again for letting me
use your kitchen.
This is good.
- Needs a little more Cayenne pepper.
- Not too much.
He won't like it.
True.
The boy does have a stomach.
This dinner needs
to go perfect.
Honey, I just don't want you
to get your hopes up.
- What?
- Well, this is nice and all, but...
these things take time.
Ugh, it's been almost a week.
Well...
I'm just saying that eventually
he'll come around,
but if you force it...
Look, I know I can
be a problem sometimes,
but things are different now.
Maybe for you.
Not for him.
I just, I want him to see
that I'm trying, you know.
Yeah. Come here.
It's okay, baby.
Hey, Aunty.
I hope you got plenty of that brisket.
Be nice.
What...
What is she doin' here?
She wanted to cook you
something special.
I made you my chicken stew.
Aunty, you know
this ain't gonna work.
Family's together,
it always works.
- Tell her I got called out.
- Please.
The chicken stew ain't gonna
change nothin'.
It maybe could say
"I'm sorry."
You born sorry.
Always apologizing.
I quit drinking.
- Since when? Since breakfast?
- No, for real.
It's different now.
- I have a job.
- T, I don't need this right now.
I got too much shit
going on in my head.
- We're blood.
- Blood?
Blood don't steal from blood.
I ain't a bad person, Mar.
I know you know that.
Sure, I fuck up
now and then, but...
You know I would never
harm you purposefully.
Now, that's what I like to see.
Vegetables will be done
in five minutes. Wash up.
- Fuck it, I'm out.
- You owe me.
What do you want from me?
I want to be brother and
sister like always.
You destroyed that, T.
It is different now.
I need you more.
I made you my chicken stew.
Take Aunty to Oscar's.
He's deep in your brain,
screwin' up all your righteous thinking.
You a black-ass fool, Marlon,
buyin' that man's shit.
- He took care of both of us.
- Sure, he did.
Marlon's gonna be
a big ass businessman.
Marlon's gonna sit the table with them
fancy-ass white folk.
You his nigga, Marlon.
He tells you to bend over,
you say yes and spread them fine
black cheeks as wide as they go.
Mr. Marty Stein's dandy nigga,
his mandingo slave boy.
Oh, my God.
- Come on, get up. Let me help you.
- Fuck you!
- Fuck.
- Oh, shit. Officer Finn!
Jesus, Sasha,
it's not even 8:00 AM.
Hummer and a cup of coffee.
Great way to start the day.
What do you got for me?
I mean, Breeds got lips squeezed
tighter than a Catholic school girl.
You're very funny,
you know that?
Come here,
I wanna show you something.
This Ty motherfucker
tried to kill my partner,
and someone is gonna
die for that, Sasha.
And I don't
particularly care who.
Okay, fuck. Okay.
One of Ty's boys, Malcolm,
likes his balls sucked
a couple of times a week.
I usually go to his crib
over on 12th,
but yesterday, he says I should
meet him at a different place.
- Where?
- 193 Dowling Street.
Apartment 202.
- How do you know Ty's gonna be there?
- I don't.
But Malcolm's his
number one bodyguard.
193 Dowling.
Apartment 202.
You better not be fucking
with me, Sasha.
Hey. Yeah, I got him.
So, who thinks this guy
is batshit crazy?
He did volunteer to fight
in Afghanistan, twice.
He also confessed
to three murders.
My point exactly.
What sane person does that?
Especially when we don't even know
that a crime's been committed.
It's called conscience.
I read about it in a book.
All three of the DOAs
checked out,
but they were listed as killed
in a helicopter crash.
You think Kelly's full of shit?
Or the dead Marines were
doing something
they shouldn't have been doing,
and Kelly's part of
the cover up.
Or he's a good guy
with no personal agenda,
who simply got caught up
in a bad situation and can't live with it.
Think Kelly's trying to
protect Roberts?
Why not? Roberts is
General Lance Howard's right-hand.
That's four-star
General Howard, by the way.
Shit.
Could be looking at corruption that reaches
to the highest levels of the US military.
Embezzlement, murder, conspiracy.
Who knows what else.
Only we don't have shit
on either Roberts or Howard.
We have Kelly's sworn
statement.
In which he doesn't directly
incriminate anyone but himself.
Yet. We just have
to connect the dots.
I want to talk to Kelly alone.
Is this CI reliable?
She knows people,
people who know people.
Like, 40 bucks a pop
knows people?
I do know women who aren't
hookers, you know.
I'm going in first.
D, we got six guys.
I'm first.
- You gonna let me finish?
- All right.
Pastrami, Swiss,
extra Russian dressing.
It's gonna take a lot more
than a sandwich, Patty.
It's not the first time the source screwed
the pooch and it will not be the last.
Never trust a hooker.
Story of my life.
I knew it. All your CIs are
fucking hookers.
It's the noblest profession.
Oldest.
Why can't it be both?
I mean, Sasha...
Her info might have been good.
And Ty just relocated.
There wasn't a stick
of furniture in that place.
Why am I doing this?
You screwed up.
Because I brought the goodies!
You know what, word of advice,
you want to get along
with the male of the species,
a little thank you
goes a very long way.
Do I hear one ounce of
gratitude from you
for writing 12 pages on why we broke
into an empty fucking apartment?
Whoa!
Fire in the hole.
Jack's gonna propose.
Oh, yeah? To who?
I found a ring hidden
in his shoe in his closet.
Congratulations?
I mean, I'm sorry?
The only reason I found it was cause I
was looking through his stuff for drugs.
- You didn't find any?
- Of course not.
So, that's...
that's a good thing.
I don't trust him, Patty.
How can I marry a guy
I don't trust?
You gonna eat the chips?
Charles Ponzi.
Grigory Potemkin.
- Ow.
- Sorry.
No, that's so good!
Let us not forget Frank Abagnale.
- Never heard of him.
- You're kidding.
Leonardo Dicaprio,
in that movie?
Catch Me motherfucker,
whatever.
Tom Hanks chased him
all over the world.
I missed it.
The greatest confidence man
the world has ever seen.
What did these men know
that mere mortals don't?
That human nature is 99% greed.
Money and the chance
to beat the other guy.
Sex. Sex.
Sex is always a thing.
Put a little bait
in front of any one of them,
and he or she...
I am not sexist.
They will look at a potato
and see the hope diamond.
I'll get it.
Ray Williams' wife
changed her mind.
What? Why?
She told me to tell you
to go fuck yourself, that's why.
- You offered her more money?
- Double.
- Didn't make a difference.
- But if the US attorney believes Ethan...
We could have a whole bus load
of nuns telling the story.
If Donna and Connie
don't sing from the same hymn sheet,
tell them
Roberts paid them off.
There's no probable cause.
No warrant to search his home.
Then they don't find
the money...
and then they've got
nothing on Roberts.
And then,
they've got nothing on Howard.
And the whole scheme is fucked!
And Ethan rots
in a federal pen.
Take me to Dearborn.
And sometimes,
a potato is just a potato.
So, Mr. Kelly...
Video recorder's off.
What difference does that make?
Well, it's just you and
me talking man-to-man, so to speak.
No legalese. No on the record.
Just two people trying to
make sense of what happened.
- I told you what happened.
- You told me a story.
Well, what else
was I supposed to tell you?
Nobody dragged me in here,
Miss Richmond.
I confessed willingly.
Okay, well...
humor me on this.
The way I see it, it's like,
a ball balanced
on the point of a pencil.
And a sneeze,
even the smallest sneeze,
a hiccup, anything like that,
could knock the ball off
on to one side of the line or the other.
Why would I care?
Because, between me and you,
it's the difference between you
walking out of here a free man
or spending the rest of your life
in a federal penitentiary.
You know, I'm a little lost.
Where are you headed with this?
Sure.
Right.
You're good at it.
But you already know that.
Good at what?
Contrition.
Or rather, you're good
at playing contrition.
That would be more accurate.
I've had hundreds of guys
sit in that chair
and tell me a pool
full of piss is champagne.
And I am proud to say that while
I may have dipped my toes in once or twice,
I never dove in for a swim.
Miss Richmond, let me be
very clear with you.
I have told you, and your colleagues,
everything that I know.
Tell me more.
About Lloyd Roberts.
And General Howard.
Chain of command bullshit.
"Never accuse your superiors."
I understand that.
The thing is, Mr. Kelly,
you're not in the army anymore.
I'm aware of that.
I see the piss
filling the pool, Ethan.
- Mr. Stein!
- Excuse me.
- I couldn't stop him.
Don't say another word.
Cynthia, you know
better than this.
- He waived counsel.
- Well, I am un-waiving it.
Marty, you could have
saved yourself a trip.
We have a full confession
on videotape.
Ethan Kelly, you are
under arrest for murder.
You have
the right to remain silent.
You have the right to a lawyer.
I am his fucking lawyer!
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org